About Us
=========

We are a group of 4 sophomore engineering students at Olin College of Engineering making something awesome for a class called Principles of Engineering.

Heather Boortz
--------------
Heather is interested in both computer science and mechanical engineering. She is part of the electrical vehicle team at Olin, REVO. She likes to do a lot of both unicycling and bicycling in her free time.

Kaitlin Gallagher
-----------------
Kaitlin is a computer engineering major recently converted from the mechanical field. She also enjoys working on LabView code with the Olin SailBot Team and learning python. Much of her free time is spent practicing poi (fire spinning) and watching Doctor Who.

Luke Metz
--------
Luke is a sophomore at Olin College who is planning to major in a mixture of robotics and computer science.
His interests in robotics lie in small scale, cheaply manufactured robots.
He likes all things laser cutter, and has an obsession with cardboard and paper in general.
In computer science land, he loves to dabble in the field of graphics.

Lyra Silverwolf
---------------
Lyra is an electrical and computer engineering major in the class of 2015 at Olin. Outside of this project, she is really excited about the autonomous robotic sailboat she is building with the Olin Robotic Sailing team.


Thanks!
==========
This project could not have been done without the help of many many people:

Amon Millner
------------
Our professor for POE. He provided much insight that steered the project forward both in and outside design reviews.

George Herring
-------------
The Teaching Assistant for the class, or Ninja as they call them here. Helped with electrical switch and prop selection. Provided helpful comments during class.

Matt Wismer
-----------
A friend who brought all the EE knowledge as well as sanity checks.

###Drew Bennett's Lab

Drew Bennett
------------------
Provided us with assistance testing as well as access to many parts and battery charging devices.

Silas Hughes
------------------
The local quadcopter expert, helping us with everything from buying parts to stabilization.

Adela Wee
------------------
Charged our batteries for us countless times and answered many a question.


